Update blog process to include google doc (#203)
flowforge/handbook: marketing/blog.md

### Blogging Process

Content creation and blogging are an effective way to communicate with our community. The process for publishing a blog is as follows:

1. Raise an issue for the content in our private [Github repository](https://github.com/flowforge/content).
2. If the content is date specific create an 'all day' event on the Google Calendar [FlowForge Publishing Schedule](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yMGFjMmM5MmMwYmE0YTYwNDg4NDE1MjBmMGU2YWE0MGFhZGUxNTlkNThjZGY0ZGMwMjA0NTI4ZjFjMTcxZmQ0QGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20), include a link to the issue in the event description. If you don't have the permission to create events please ask our Google Workspace admin to give you access.
3. If you want to work on the content immediately please triage the issue into our [development board](https://github.com/orgs/flowforge/projects/1/views/33).

> 4. Create the draft blog post in a Google Doc. The document shoud be stored in the [Marketing -> Content](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1sdyVfD29dFE74i7zfmL0Cp9tPmPyK0-8?usp=share_link) folder. Everyone at FlowwForge should be given access to comment on the document.  Add a link to the document in the github issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create the draft blog post in a Google Doc. The document should be stored in the [Marketing -> Content](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1sdyVfD29dFE74i7zfmL0Cp9tPmPyK0-8?usp=share_link) folder. Everyone at FlowForge should be given access to comment on the document.  Add a link to the document in the GitHub issue.
```

> 5. Ask people to review the document draft by sharing it directly with them using the Share button in the document.  This will send your reviewers an email notification. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Ask people to review the document draft by sharing it directly with them using the Share button in the document. This will send your reviewers an email notification. 
```

6. As a document reviewer, you should leave red-line edits in the document or add comments to the document.

> 7. Once the document is finished, create a new branch of the website repository and then follow our standard [development processes](https://flowforge.com/handbook/development/#development-board).  Google Doocument has an extension to conovert the document to markdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Once the document is finished, create a new branch of the website repository and then follow our standard [development processes](https://flowforge.com/handbook/development/#development-board). Google Docs has an [extension to convert the document to markdown](https://workspace.google.com/marketplace/app/docs_to_markdown/700168918607?hl=en&pann=docs_addon_widget).
```
